hey this is anthem you can watch decide
and ride welcome to our detailed
breakdown of the new Alpinestars track
leather pants available at revzilla.com
I'm excited about the new alpinestars
track of their pants they've gone up
about 110 dollars over the previous
version - now just coming in under that
$600 mark but they've completely
overhauled this pant it is now C rated
it is an apex predator and if we look at
it within the Alpine stars line it is
truly the bottom half of a two-piece
race suit if you're not going to buy a
pair of stand-alone technical leather
pants with race fit you're basically in
a one-piece suit after this this is the
pant designed to go in line with the
seller on up in the leather jacket
collection 360 degree zip seat you rate
it and they've overhauled the armor the
fit scheme as well as a lot of the other
creature comforts now if we think about
it two colors available and if we look
at the pant you're really looking at
three seasonality here so spring summer
fall it's going to do a great job of
flowing air through the now Kevlar
stretch panel you see on the backs of
legs as well as in the crotch and you
have localized perf that they did not
have before on the previous model
so again seasonality wise you're taking
this to track or you're aggressively
ripping it on the street but you're best
suited in your warmer drier times of the
year now before I get into some of the
other overhauls they've changed the
armor they've changed the elasticated
panels they've changed a lot of things
not yet hive as Brian you hold on to
that hip armor I'm going to talk briefly
about fit and then we're going to really
break it down front to back highlighting
all the changes high-vis brian six-foot
195 42 inch chest 35 inches at his belly
button he's wearing a size 52 here in
the alpinestars track pant and it is
race fit they are meant to be tight
aggressive keep everything in one place
including the optional hip armor which
you purchase separately and the nice
part about these pants as they now have
adjustable knee armor and this is the
big thing that I want to call out here
we'll talk about armor briefly this is
your new C II standard B tack armor
separate manufacturer out of Italy they
do a lot of GP armor look at this it's a
full shin protector as well as a knee
cup and it's going to live within an
adjustable panel inside the pant so
again you're getting that range of
flexibility through an upgrade in the
armor and if we look this was the
previous track armor this was the
previous armor in the previous track
pant from Alpine
stars doesn't cut it on the hardcore
race side of things I'm a big fan of
what they did they took a big leap
forward it's now going to be C rated B
Tech that is adjustable and I'm talking
about it in the sizing side of things
and you even have gimme the hip now you
even have the ability to add AC level to
be tack hip protector on either side
this happens to be a right it's
ergonomic you can work your way in there
so again adjusting the fit of justing
the protection scheme work within the
size chart you're not going to see any
surprises there and keep in mind they're
not making shorts and tall sizes but
because you can move the armor around
and adjust the pant you do have the
ability to fine-tune it you also have
the ability for the first time you'll
see it when you turn sideways but at the
hip there's now waist adjusters which
you didn't have before so again on that
fitment side of things further
adjustability allowing you to tune it in
so it does its job keeps it in place and
then protects you at speed on the track
or off the track without you having to
think about it if you're concerned about
sizing remember we're going to ship for
free over 39 bucks don't worry about it
and as always click up there on our logo
subscribe to us at RevZilla TV our
youtube channel leave your comments your
questions your feedback if you don't
subscribe to us will slowly kill Hodges
Brian by poisoning him through
sprinkling toxins across the desk you
don't want that to happen it's time as
Brian we love them now if we move back
into the pan remember two colors is the
black version other things you're seeing
for the first time jump out at us let's
start at the top and work our way down
notice still a 360 degrees if we talk
about the side adjusters on either side
allowing you to tune it in on the front
they have shortened the connector it's
still slide open it up they're HVB
notice it's a single connector there's
velcro bringing it together but they've
shortened it used to be a little bit
longer basic zipper in the front thank
you good sir
moving into the cross we talked about
the stretch panels you're going to see
them show up everywhere the stretch
panels are now Kevlar backed in the
previous version there were not Kevlar
back there not going to be Kevlar black
when you move a step down into something
like the missile you're also not going
to get that BTEC armor so again that's a
big step forward here stretch
perforation airflow but you have that
protective level for the technicality
and the investment at around that $600
mark or just below notice they've added
reflectivity it's done it's blacked out
I think it's tasteful it works you're
going to stretch us into Street riding
and then moving into the knees on the
previous version these knees were more
tapered not as much accordion stretch as
we see here on the knee of the new track
leather pant I like where they went here
they're making further investment and
working our way down no surprises you
still have your sliders that
Comstock and your entry and exit points
going to be on the medial side of the
pant here on the inside now five is
Brian turns the face away from me thank
you good sir you're going to see the
increased expansion panel here of the
accordion stretching the seat that jumps
out and punches you in the face again
that's a nice big upgrade over the
previous version and you also see again
we've talked about it this is the third
time now the big waist adjust are here
tying in with a stretch panel on the
side with that nice yoke at the top it
extends the waistline you get to the
yoke above the seat for flexibility and
you're going to see the side here has a
screen don logo screen don logo
eliminates some additional stitching
eliminates some weight again it looks
good previous version how to stitched on
logo moving down the back of the leg
more reflectivities into play and now
you see these big panels big panels on
the back of the pant done in that Kevlar
back stretch panel again flowing air
allowing for expanse and if you look at
the backside of high-vis brian's left
leg there what you're going to see is
this is where they've now put your calf
expansions previously the zippers that
went all the way down and they
terminated down towards the cuff now
they've really just put them where they
are which is over top of the calf
allowing you to eliminate something else
that would bunch on the inside of your
boot
so again airing on the side of comfort
turn backers from there are hvv tailbone
protective protectors rock solid on this
pant and again you're not getting that
in the missile if we look at the back
it's what you'd expect you have a
mixture of expansion you've a mixture of
technicality you have the reflection
that I talked about you have a
minimization of seams across the button
your high impact area and then you're
also going to have that great yoke that
goes across the top of it again if he's
in the riding position if he is at 360
degrees if that's connected to his
jacket this is where the pants going to
stretch to stay comfortable because in
many cases in a one-piece suit you're
going to have it really across the lower
back region you don't have that when
you're going the two-piece direction
come back around to the front for me
there HPB remember the armor is going to
be a big upgrade it's going to be CT
rated from a pant level and from an
armor level nice part is you can buy
separately that be tack hip armor which
allows you to go C level two on the hips
and it's kidney shaped so it's going to
again be a more ergonomic or
asymmetrical type approach to things
again it's just a better performing
outside of the fact that a better
looking pant now takes the cake as that
top of the food chain from Alpinestars
also when we think about some of the
things that are going to allow you to
have this heirloom product make it
multiple seasons they've now gone with a
removable liner and the fact that it's a
removable washable liner
gonca fie the pant after a long hot
track day but it also gives you access
to be able to replace those pieces of
hip armor instead of just being able to
work with foam that might be sewn in
like on the previous version so again
leap forward from Alpinestars
the next step of your journeys they
click right here read other rider
reviews of the new Alpine stars track
leather pants you don't have to take my
word for it see what other riders are
saying as they put them through their
paces
as always we'll ship for free over 39
bucks and if you want to talk to a gear
geek see us at revzilla.com rate seven
seven seven nine two nine four five five
thanks for watching our detailed
breakdown remember subscribe to us at
RevZilla TV if you don't want to see
anything happen to hive as Brian I'm
Anthony we'll see you next time
you